Fix typos/grammar, improve consistency, and use HTTPS (#782)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Contributing/Design-Guide.rst

**Context**

> You want to export composable nodes as a shared library from some packages and using those in another package that does link-time composition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You want to export a composable node as a shared library from a packages and use that node in another package that does link-time composition.
```

Author: Applying this one on top of yours (changing "packages" to "package")

```suggestion
You want to export a composable node as a shared library from a package and use that node in another package that does link-time composition.
```

**Context**

> You want to transfer video streams and provide up-to-date data. It is ok to lose some packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You want to transfer video streams and provide up-to-date data. It is OK to lose some of the images.
```

**Problem**

Acknowledged data transmission mechanisms prevent from being able to provide

> up-to-date packages.

Reviewer: I'll suggest replacing this whole sentence with:

```
Acknowledged data transmission mechanisms (also known as "reliable" delivery) ensure every packet is delivered, which can cause the video stream to fall behind.
```
